## SmarTIE Doc REPO

In this repository it is stored the SmarTIE documentation. The GitHub page is built from the content of the _index.md_ file and using the **Couscous** framework, instead of Jekyll (provided by GitHub).

Couscous helps to quickly define the template to use for the doc and dynamically creates a side menù.

In the repository, there are two different branches:

 - **Master**: It is used to host all the couscous config files, template, css, images and raw doc content (stored as MD)
 - **Gh-Pages**: It is only used to push the files automatically generated by couscous and contains the html contente shown on the GitHub Page (**It hasn't to be used by normal users**)

### Couscous

You can find all the info about couscous on the [website](http://couscous.io).

The couscous.yml file contains most part of the configuration. From there you can define: 

 - the items in the side menu
 - page title
 - GitHub page address and general info to deploy the generated contents automatically (It uses Gh-Pages if not differently specified)
 - template to use for the HTML pages

In our case, we are using a customised template based on the **Couscous Light** theme, for this reason the source files are stored in the *website* folder. From the source, you can edit both the html rendering behaviour (for instance we added sections in the sidebar, manipulating the default.twig file) and customise the css files.

### Content

All the content for the documentation is stored in the index.md file on the **Master** branch. You can use [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io) to edit the file and check the correct rendering of the MD file. 

>The *TOC* function from StackEdit is not supported in GitHub, be aware of removing it before deploying the website. It has to be used only to generate the PDF of the doc

In the master branch, there is also the images folder to store all the images used in the doc. All the paths to the images can be relative in the MD and they will be rendered fine in the final page.

### Deploy
Once installed couscous on your PC, following the steps on the couscous [website](http://couscous.io), you can edit the md file, the images and the template.

To check the status of the page you can use the preview command:
> couscous preview

Once happy with the result, push all the changes you applied to the **master** branch and then use the deploy command to update the HTML page. Couscous will automatically generate the html files and push them on the gh-page branch on GitHub.

> couscous deploy

```markdown
Deploying the website

Cloning https://github.com/NM2/smartie-doc.git in /private/var/folders/6m/pwk1kdhn6077_16q6lz_kztm0000gn/T/couscous_deploy_IF54hC

Checking out branch gh-pages
Copying generated website
Committing changes

Pushing gh-pages (GitHub may ask you to login)
```
